SMS OTP form best practices (#4305)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/blog/sms-otp-form/index.md

---
title: SMS OTP form best practices

> subhead: Learn how to optimize your SMS OTP form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
subhead: Learn how to optimize your SMS OTP form and improve user experience.
```

authors:
  - agektmr
date: 2020-12-04
hero: hero.jpg

> alt: A drawing of a woman using OTP to log in to a web app.

Reviewer: I'm seeing a neon chat bubble sign photo, but it has a black margin that sticks out on larger screen. If you have another hero image as this alt suggests, let's try that one.

Author: Most of images I can find on the web are more square-ish than the wide one expected here hence I had to pad black to both sides. I created two new images. Which one do you think look better? I like the chat bubble one.
![hero2](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/218144/100401123-f2698d80-309b-11eb-8b1f-512b47c11046.jpg)
![hero](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/218144/100401128-f4cbe780-309b-11eb-867e-52d6fafe297a.jpg)

description: |
  Asking a user to provide an OTP (one-time password) delivered via SMS is a
  common way to confirm a user's phone number. This post provides you with the

>   best practices to build an SMS OTP form for such use cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  best practices to build an SMS OTP form with great user experience.
```

tags:
  - blog # blog is a required tag for the article to show up in the blog.
  - identity
  - security
  - forms
  - otp
---

Asking a user to provide the OTP (one time password) delivered via SMS is a common way to confirm a user's phone number. There are a few use cases for SMS OTP:

> * **2 step verification**: In addition to username and password, SMS OTP can be
> used as a strong signal that the account is owned by the person who received the
> SMS OTP.
> * **Phone number verification**: Some services use a phone number as the user's
> primary identifier. In such services, users can enter their phone number and the
> OTP received via SMS to prove their identity. Sometimes it's combined with a PIN
> to constitute a 2 step verification.
> * **Account recovery**: When a user loses access to their account, there needs
> to be a way to recover it. Sending an email to their registered email address or
> an SMS OTP to their phone number are common account recovery methods.
> * **Payment confirmation**: In payment systems, some banks or credit card
> issuers request additional authentication from the payer for security reasons.
> SMS OTP is commonly used for that purpose.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Two-factor authentication.** In addition to username and password, SMS OTP can be
used as a strong signal that the account is owned by the person who received the
SMS OTP.
* **Phone number verification.** Some services use a phone number as the user's
primary identifier. In such services, users can enter their phone number and the
OTP received via SMS to prove their identity. Sometimes it's combined with a PIN
to constitute a two-factor authentication.
* **Account recovery.** When a user loses access to their account, there needs
to be a way to recover it. Sending an email to their registered email address or
an SMS OTP to their phone number are common account recovery methods.
* **Payment confirmation** In payment systems, some banks or credit card
issuers request additional authentication from the payer for security reasons.
SMS OTP is commonly used for that purpose.
```

This post explains best practices to build an SMS OTP form for the above use
cases.

{% Aside 'caution' %}

> While this post discusses SMS OTP form best practices, be aware that SMS OTP is
> not the most secure method of authentication by itself. That's because phone
> numbers are known to be recycled and sometimes hijacked. And [the concept of OTP
> itself is not phishing resistant](https://youtu.be/kGGMgEfSzMw?t=1133).
> 
> If you are looking for better security, consider using WebAuthn. You can learn
> more about it from the talk "[What's new in sign-up &
> sign-in](https://goo.gle/webauthn-video)" at the Chrome Dev Summit 2019.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While this post discusses SMS OTP form best practices, be aware that SMS OTP is
not the most secure method of authentication by itself because phone
numbers can be recycled and sometimes hijacked. And [the concept of OTP
itself is not phishing resistant](https://youtu.be/kGGMgEfSzMw?t=1133).

If you are looking for better security, consider using [WebAuthn](https://webauthn.io/). Learn
more about it from the talk "[What's new in sign-up &
sign-in](https://goo.gle/webauthn-video)" at the Chrome Dev Summit 2019.
```

{% endAside %}

## Checklist

> To provide the best user experience with the SMS OTP:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To provide the best user experience with the SMS OTP, follow these steps:
```

> * Use an `<input>` element with:
>     * `type="text"`
>     * `inputmode="numeric"`
>     * `autocomplete="one-time-code"`
> * Use `@${bound-domain} #${OTP}` as the last line of the SMS text message.
> * Use the Web OTP API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use the `<input>` element with:
    * `type="text"`
    * `inputmode="numeric"`
    * `autocomplete="one-time-code"`
* Use `@BOUND_DOMAIN #OTP_CODE` as the last line of the OTP SMS message.
* Use the [Web OTP API](https://web.dev/web-otp/).
```

## Use the `<input>` element

> Using a form with an `<input>` element is the most important best practice you
> can follow as it will definitely work on any browser. Even if other items in
> this article don't work, the user can still enter and submit the OTP by doing it
> manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using a form with an `<input>` element is the most important best practice you
can follow because it works in all browsers. Even if other suggestions from
this post don't work in some browser, the user will still be able to enter and submit the OTP 
manually.
```

```html
<form action="/verify-otp" method="POST">
  <input type="text"
         inputmode="numeric"
         autocomplete="one-time-code"
         pattern="\d{6}"
         required>
</form>
```

The following are a few ideas to ensure an input field gets the best out of
browser functionality.

> {% Aside 'gotchas' %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% Aside %}
```

> There are more general form best practices other than ones described below. [Sam
> Dutton](https://twitter.com/sw12)'s [Sign-in form best
> practices](https://web.dev/sign-in-form-best-practices/) is a great starting
> point.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more general form best practices, [Sam
Dutton](https://twitter.com/sw12)'s [Sign-in form best
practices](https://web.dev/sign-in-form-best-practices/) is a great starting
point.
```

{% endAside %}

### `type="text"`

> Because OTPs are usually 5 or 6 digit numbers, you may be tempted to use
> `type="number"` for an input field because it turns the mobile keyboard to be
> numbers only. However, it's not the best idea, because the browser expects an
> input field to be a countable number rather than a sequence of multiple numbers,
> and this causes unexpected behaviors. Using `type="number"` causes up and down
> buttons to be displayed beside the input field, and pressing these buttons
> increments or decrements the number and may remove preceding zeros.
> 
> Use `type="text"` instead. This won't turn the mobile keyboard into numbers
> only, but that is fine because the next tip for using `inputmode="numeric"` does
> that job.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because OTPs are usually five or six digit numbers, using
`type="number"` for an input field might seem intuitive because it turns the mobile keyboard 
to be numbers only. This not recommended because the browser expects an
input field to be a countable number rather than a sequence of multiple numbers,
which can cause unexpected behavior. Using `type="number"` causes up and down
buttons to be displayed beside the input field; pressing these buttons
increments or decrements the number and may remove preceding zeros.

Use `type="text"` instead. This won't turn the mobile keyboard into numbers
only, but that is fine because the next tip for using `inputmode="numeric"` does
that job.
```

### `inputmode="numeric"`

> Some websites use `type="tel"` for an input field which is smart because it
> turns the mobile keyboard to be number only (including `*` and `#`) when
> focused. Developers choose this  because, in the past, some browsers didn't
> support
> [`inputmode="numeric"`](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/inputmode).
> But since [Firefox started supporting
> `inputmode="numeric"`](https://github.com/mdn/browser-compat-data/pull/6782),
> you no longer need to stick with the hack of using `type="tel"`. You can instead
> use `inputmode="numeric"` to turn the mobile keyboard into the numbers only one
> which is semantically better.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `inputmode="numeric"` to change the mobile keyboard to numbers only.

Some websites use `type="tel"` for OTP input fields since it also 
turns the mobile keyboard to numbers only (including `*` and `#`) when
focused. This hack was used in the past when
[`inputmode="numeric"`](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/inputmode)
wasn't widely supported. Since [Firefox started supporting
`inputmode="numeric"`](https://github.com/mdn/browser-compat-data/pull/6782),
there's no need to use the semantically incorrect `type="tel"` hack.
```

### `autocomplete="one-time-code"`

> [`autocomplete="one-time-code"`](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes/autocomplete)
> works only on Safari 12 and later on iOS, iPadOS and macOS, but we strongly
> recommend using it, because this is an easy way to improve the SMS OTP
> experience on those platforms. Whenever a user receives an SMS text message with
> the form, the operating system will parse the OTP in the SMS heuristically and
> the keyboard will suggest that the user enter the OTP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`autocomplete`](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes/autocomplete) 
attribute lets developers specify what permission the browser 
has to provide autocomplete assistance and informs the browser about the 
type of information expected in the field.

With `autocomplete="one-time-code"` whenever a user receives an SMS message while a 
form is open, the operating system will parse the OTP in the SMS heuristically and
the keyboard will suggest the OTP for the user to enter. It works only on Safari 12 and 
later on iOS, iPadOS, and macOS, but we strongly recommend using it, because it is an 
easy way to improve the SMS OTP experience on those platforms.
```

<figure class="w-figure" style="width:300px; margin:auto;">
  <video controls autoplay loop muted class="w-screenshot">
    <source src="https://storage.googleapis.com/web-dev-assets/sms-otp-form/ios-safari.webm" type="video/webm">
    <source src="https://storage.googleapis.com/web-dev-assets/sms-otp-form/ios-safari.mp4" type="video/mp4">
  </video>
  <figcaption class="w-figcaption">

>     `autocomplete="one-time-code"` in action

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    `autocomplete="one-time-code"` in action.
```

  </figcaption>
</figure>

This is already a good user experience, but there's more you can do by ensuring
that the SMS message complies with the [origin-bound message
format](https://wicg.github.io/sms-one-time-codes/).

## Format the SMS text

> By aligning with [the origin-bound one-time codes delivered via
> SMS](https://wicg.github.io/sms-one-time-codes/) specification, you can enhance
> the user experience of entering an OTP. The format rule is simple: Finish the
> SMS message with the domain preceded with `@` and the OTP preceded with `#`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enhance the user experience of entering an OTP by aligning with 
[the origin-bound one-time codes delivered via SMS](https://wicg.github.io/sms-one-time-codes/) 
specification. 

The format rule is simple: Finish the
SMS message with the domain preceded with `@` and the OTP preceded with `#`.
```

> By aligning with [the origin-bound one-time codes delivered via
> SMS](https://wicg.github.io/sms-one-time-codes/) specification, you can enhance
> the user experience of entering an OTP. The format rule is simple: Finish the
> SMS message with the domain preceded with `@` and the OTP preceded with `#`.
> 
> ```text
> Your OTP is 123456
> 
> @web-otp.glitch.me #123456
> ```
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enhance the user experience of entering an OTP by aligning with 
[the origin-bound one-time codes delivered via SMS](https://wicg.github.io/sms-one-time-codes/) 
specification. 

The format rule is simple: Finish the
SMS message with the domain preceded with `@` and the OTP preceded with `#`.

```text
Your OTP is 123456

@web-otp.glitch.me #123456
```

Using a standard format for OTP messages makes extraction 
of codes from them easier and more reliable. Associating OTP codes with 
websites makes it harder to trick users into providing a code to malicious sites.

```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Using a standard format for OTP messages makes extraction 
of codes from them easier and more reliable. Associating OTP codes with 
websites makes it harder to trick users into providing a code to malicious sites.

```

> {% Aside 'gotchas' %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```text
Your OTP is 123456

@web-otp.glitch.me #123456
```
Using a standard format for OTP messages makes extraction 
of codes from them easier and more reliable. Associating OTP codes with 
websites makes it harder to trick users into providing a code to malicious sites.

{% Aside 'gotchas' %}
```

> {% Aside 'gotchas' %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% Aside %}
```

and Vivaldi on Android also support the origin-bound one-time codes rule with
the Web OTP API, though not through `autocomplete="one-time-code"`.

## Use the Web OTP API

[The Web OTP API](https://wicg.github.io/web-otp/) provides access to the OTP
received in an SMS message. By calling
[`navigator.credentials.get()`](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/CredentialsContainer/get)
with `otp` type (`OTPCredential`) where `transport` includes `sms`, the website
will wait for an SMS that complies with the origin-bound one-time codes to be
delivered and granted access by the user. Once the OTP is passed to JavaScript,
the website can use it in a form or POST it directly to the server.

```js
navigator.credentials.get({
  otp: {transport:['sms']}
})
.then(otp => input.value = otp.code);
```

<figure class="w-figure" style="width:300px; margin:auto;">
  <video controls autoplay loop muted class="w-screenshot">
    <source src="https://storage.googleapis.com/web-dev-assets/sms-otp-form/android-chrome.webm" type="video/webm">
    <source src="https://storage.googleapis.com/web-dev-assets/sms-otp-form/android-chrome.mp4" type="video/mp4">
  </video>
  <figcaption class="w-figcaption">

>     Web OTP API in action

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Web OTP API in action.
```

  </figcaption>
</figure>

> Learn how to use the Web OTP API in detail at Verify phone numbers on the web
> with the Web OTP API or copy and paste the following snippet. (Make sure the
> `<form>` element has an `action` and `method` attribute properly set.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn how to use the Web OTP API in detail in [Verify phone numbers on the web
with the Web OTP API](https://web.dev/web-otp/) or copy and paste the following snippet. (Make sure the
`<form>` element has an `action` and `method` attribute properly set.)
```

---
title: SMS OTP form best practices
subhead: Learn how to optimize your SMS OTP form and improve user experience.
authors:
  - agektmr
date: 2020-12-04
hero: hero.jpg

> alt: A drawing of a woman using OTP to log in to a web app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
alt: A neon chat bubble sign.
```

Chrome Dev Summit 2019. {% endAside %}

## Checklist

To provide the best user experience with the SMS OTP, follow these steps:

* Use the `<input>` element with:
    * `type="text"`
    * `inputmode="numeric"`
    * `autocomplete="one-time-code"`
* Use `@BOUND_DOMAIN #OTP_CODE` as the last line of the OTP SMS message.
* Use the [Web OTP API](/web-otp/).

## Use the `<input>` element

Using a form with an `<input>` element is the most important best practice you
can follow because it works in all browsers. Even if other suggestions from
this post don't work in some browser, the user will still be able to enter and submit the OTP 
manually.

```html
<form action="/verify-otp" method="POST">
  <input type="text"
         inputmode="numeric"
         autocomplete="one-time-code"
         pattern="\d{6}"
         required>
</form>
```

The following are a few ideas to ensure an input field gets the best out of
browser functionality.

{% Aside %}
For more general form best practices, [Sam Dutton](/authors/samdutton/)'s
[Sign-in form best practices](/sign-in-form-best-practices/) is a great starting
point.
{% endAside %}

### `type="text"`

> Because OTPs are usually five or six digit numbers, using
> `type="number"` for an input field might seem intuitive because it changes the mobile 
> keyboard to numbers only. This is not recommended because the browser expects an
> input field to be a countable number rather than a sequence of multiple numbers,
> which can cause unexpected behavior. Using `type="number"` causes up and down
> buttons to be displayed beside the input field; pressing these buttons
> increments or decrements the number and may remove preceding zeros.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since OTPs are usually five or six digit numbers, using
`type="number"` for an input field might seem intuitive because it changes the mobile 
keyboard to numbers only. This is not recommended because the browser expects an
input field to be a countable number rather than a sequence of multiple numbers,
which can cause unexpected behavior. Using `type="number"` causes up and down
buttons to be displayed beside the input field; pressing these buttons
increments or decrements the number and may remove preceding zeros.
```

Use `type="text"` instead. This won't turn the mobile keyboard into numbers
only, but that is fine because the next tip for using `inputmode="numeric"` does
that job.

### `inputmode="numeric"`

> Use `inputmode="numeric"` to change the mobile keyboard to numbers only.
> 
> Some websites use `type="tel"` for OTP input fields since it also 
> turns the mobile keyboard to numbers only (including `*` and `#`) when
> focused. This hack was used in the past when
> [`inputmode="numeric"`](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/inputmode)
> wasn't widely supported. Since [Firefox started supporting
> `inputmode="numeric"`](https://github.com/mdn/browser-compat-data/pull/6782),
> there's no need to use the semantically incorrect `type="tel"` hack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use [`inputmode="numeric"`](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/inputmode) to change the mobile keyboard to numbers only.

Some websites use `type="tel"` for OTP input fields since it also 
turns the mobile keyboard to numbers only (including `*` and `#`) when
focused. This hack was used in the past when `inputmode="numeric"`
wasn't widely supported. Since [Firefox started supporting
`inputmode="numeric"`](https://github.com/mdn/browser-compat-data/pull/6782),
there's no need to use the semantically incorrect `type="tel"` hack.
```

### `autocomplete="one-time-code"`

[`autocomplete`](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes/autocomplete) 
attribute lets developers specify what permission the browser 
has to provide autocomplete assistance and informs the browser about the 
type of information expected in the field.

With `autocomplete="one-time-code"` whenever a user receives an SMS message while a 
form is open, the operating system will parse the OTP in the SMS heuristically and
the keyboard will suggest the OTP for the user to enter. It works only on Safari 12 and 
later on iOS, iPadOS, and macOS, but we strongly recommend using it, because it is an 
easy way to improve the SMS OTP experience on those platforms.

<figure class="w-figure" style="width:300px; margin:auto;">
  <video controls autoplay loop muted class="w-screenshot">
    <source src="https://storage.googleapis.com/web-dev-assets/sms-otp-form/ios-safari.webm" type="video/webm">
    <source src="https://storage.googleapis.com/web-dev-assets/sms-otp-form/ios-safari.mp4" type="video/mp4">
  </video>
  <figcaption class="w-figcaption">
    `autocomplete="one-time-code"` in action.
  </figcaption>
</figure>

> This is already a good user experience, but there's more you can do by ensuring
> that the SMS message complies with the [origin-bound message
> format](https://wicg.github.io/sms-one-time-codes/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This enhances user experience, but there's more you can do by ensuring
that the SMS message complies with the [origin-bound message
format](https://wicg.github.io/sms-one-time-codes/).
```

## Format the SMS text

Enhance the user experience of entering an OTP by aligning with 
[the origin-bound one-time codes delivered via SMS](https://wicg.github.io/sms-one-time-codes/) 
specification. 

> The format rule is simple: Finish the
> SMS message with the domain preceded with `@` and the OTP preceded with `#`.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The format rule is simple: Finish the
SMS message with the domain preceded with `@` and the OTP preceded with `#`.

For example:
```

```text
Your OTP is 123456

@web-otp.glitch.me #123456
```

Using a standard format for OTP messages makes extraction 
of codes from them easier and more reliable. Associating OTP codes with 
websites makes it harder to trick users into providing a code to malicious sites.

{% Aside %}

> More fine grained rules are:
> 
> * The message begins with (optional) human-readable text that contains a four to
>   ten character alphanumeric string with at least one number leaving the last
>   line for the URL and the OTP.
> * The domain part of the URL of the website that invoked the API must be
>   preceded by `@`.
> * The URL must contain a pound sign ("`#`") followed by the OTP.
> 
> Of course, make sure the number of characters doesn't exceed 140 in total.
> 
> To learn more about Chrome specific rules, read [Format the SMS message section
> of Web OTP API article](/web-otp/#format).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More fine grained rules are:
* The message begins with (optional) human-readable text that contains a four to
  ten character alphanumeric string with at least one number, leaving the last
  line for the URL and the OTP.
* The domain part of the URL of the website that invoked the API must be
  preceded by `@`.
* The URL must contain a pound sign ("`#`") followed by the OTP.

Make sure the number of characters doesn't exceed 140 in total.

To learn more about Chrome specific rules, read [Format the SMS message section
of Web OTP API post](/web-otp/#format).
```

{% endAside %}

> The benefits of using this format:
> 
> * The OTP will be bound to the domain. This means the OTP suggestion won't
>   appear if the user is on domains other than the one specified in the SMS
>   message. This also mitigates the risk of phishing attacks and potential
>   account hijacks.
> * You can programmatically tell the OTP to the browser without depending on
>   mysterious browser heuristics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using this format provides a couple of benefits:

* The OTP will be bound to the domain. If the user is on domains other than 
  the one specified in the SMS message, the OTP suggestion won't appear. 
  This also mitigates the risk of phishing attacks and potential account hijacks.
* You can programmatically provide the OTP to the browser, which is more reliable than
   browser heuristics for OTP extraction.
```

When a website uses `autocomplete="one-time-code"`, Safari with iOS 14 or later
will suggest the OTP following the above rules.

{% Aside %}

> If the user is on a desktop with macOS Big Sur with the same iCloud account set
> up as on iOS, the OTP received on the iOS device is propagated and will be
> available on the desktop Safari as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the user is on a desktop with macOS Big Sur with the same iCloud account set
up as on iOS, the OTP received on the iOS device will be
available on the desktop Safari as well.
```

To learn more about other benefits and nuances of the availability on Apple
platforms, read [Enhance SMS-delivered code security with domain-bound
codes](https://developer.apple.com/news/?id=z0i801mg).
{% endAside %}

> This SMS message format also benefits browsers other than Safari. Chrome, Opera
> and Vivaldi on Android also support the origin-bound one-time codes rule with
> the Web OTP API, though not through `autocomplete="one-time-code"`.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This SMS message format also benefits browsers other than Safari. Chrome, Opera,
and Vivaldi on Android also support the origin-bound one-time codes rule with
the Web OTP API, though not through `autocomplete="one-time-code"`.

```

[`autocomplete`](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes/autocomplete) 
attribute lets developers specify what permission the browser 
has to provide autocomplete assistance and informs the browser about the 
type of information expected in the field.

With `autocomplete="one-time-code"` whenever a user receives an SMS message while a 
form is open, the operating system will parse the OTP in the SMS heuristically and
the keyboard will suggest the OTP for the user to enter. It works only on Safari 12 and 
later on iOS, iPadOS, and macOS, but we strongly recommend using it, because it is an 
easy way to improve the SMS OTP experience on those platforms.

<figure class="w-figure" style="width:300px; margin:auto;">
  <video controls autoplay loop muted class="w-screenshot">
    <source src="https://storage.googleapis.com/web-dev-assets/sms-otp-form/ios-safari.webm" type="video/webm">
    <source src="https://storage.googleapis.com/web-dev-assets/sms-otp-form/ios-safari.mp4" type="video/mp4">
  </video>
  <figcaption class="w-figcaption">
    `autocomplete="one-time-code"` in action.
  </figcaption>
</figure>

{% Aside %}
Optional attributes:

> * [`pattern`](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes/pattern)
>   constrains the one time code to be entered. Use regular expressions to specify
>   the matching pattern. In this case `\d{6}` indicates a 6-digits string but
>   make sure to change it aligning your own requirement. Learn more about
>   `pattern` attribute at [Use JavaScript for more complex real-time
>   validation](https://developers.google.com/web/fundamentals/design-and-ux/input/forms#use_javascript_for_more_complex_real-time_validation)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [`pattern`](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes/pattern)
  specifies the format that the entered OTP must match. Use regular expressions to specify
  the matching pattern, for example, `\d{6}` constrains the OTP to a six digit string. Learn more about the 
  `pattern` attribute in [Use JavaScript for more complex real-time validation] 
  (https://developers.google.com/web/fundamentals/design-and-ux/input/forms#use_javascript_for_more_complex_real-time_validation)
```

> * [`required`](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes/required)
>   indicates that the field is required.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [`required`](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes/required)
  indicates that a field is required.

```

  </figcaption>
</figure>

> `autocomplete="one-time-code"` improves user experience, but there's more you

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`autocomplete="one-time-code"` improves the user experience, but there's more you
```

[the origin-bound one-time codes delivered via SMS](https://wicg.github.io/sms-one-time-codes/) 
specification. 

> The format rule is simple: Finish the SMS message with the receiver domain

Reviewer: I'm not sure that this addition makes things clearer. Did you update this based on some feedback (and what was it)?

Author: Regarding this change, it's meant to clarify that the domain should be bound to the receiver domain rather than the sender domain in case they are different.
